sidux e.V.

Gründung am 01. April 2007

Gemeinnütziger, steuerbefreiter Verein
Registergericht: Berlin Charlottenburg
Geschäftsstelle: Aachen

Ziele:
Förderung Freier Software und damit im Zusammenhang stehende Projekte.

Aktivitäten:
Eigenveranstaltungen als Vortragsreihen, Workshops, deutschlandweiten Anwender-Treffen und Gastvorträge bei verschiedenen Veranstaltungen.

Teilnahme an verschiedenen FOSS Veranstaltungen, u.A. SIGINT Köln, FrOSCon, OpenRheinRuhr, Software Freedom Day, Open Xchange Partner Summit.

Kooperationen mit verschiedenen FOSS Projekten.

Weiter Informationen und Kontaktaufnahme:
http://sidux-ev.org oder direkt hier am Stand.

Semplice-Linux project

Not the usual Debian remix, since 2009.

Debian is awesome: Everybody can modify, improve and remix it to fit their needs. It is a
great basis for a fast, lightweight, clean and simple distribution. This is the aim of
Semplice-Linux, which is build on Debian sid to be always on the edge.

Designed to be lightning fast on modern 64-bit machines, Semplice-Linux works well on old
glories, requiring only a 486 (or better) processor and 384 MB of RAM. To provide this
fast environment the distribution is based on Openbox and a set of lightweight
applications.

Semplice-Linux is built using official debian tools and archives, with an automated
process for ensuring the same working environment across all builds. It is compiled
according to the Debian Policy and every modification to the base system is available in
our repositories. It is possible to get the same Semplice-Linux system by simply starting
from a basic debian bootstrap.

Although we strongly believe in open source, Semplice-Linux includes non-free firmware to
support a wide variety of machines. To encourage you to live without non-free software we
make it easy to remove them. See
http://semplice-linux.org/doku/semplice:nonfree#installed_system for more information.

Semplice-Linux provides a base working system for everything a common user needs:
* A word processor (Abiword)
* A spreadsheet (Gnumeric)
* A music player (Exaile)
* A web browser (Chromium)

It also includes the Synaptic Package Manager which lets you
install the 38,000 packages that Debian offers!
